Your Majesty.
Princess, why did you beat the emperor?
How dare you?
You can play.
Have you changed men?
Your Majesty, I am innocent.
I always serve by your side.
Jubilee doesn't need an explanation.
Princess, I think you're crazy.
I see your majesty.
The Queen
It's him.
Your Majesty, that man is this dog doctor.
The Queen
How can I have an affair with my concubine?
Rose, did you say the man you saw was him?
Hong, have you seen the man wearing this dress?
It's this dress, that man is me.
How is that possible?
Why is Your Majesty wearing Thai clothes?
I don't know.
This is how God thought half a month ago for the emperor and lady.
But...
It's the joy of boudoir.
Help the Queen get pregnant
Sister, why are you targeting me everywhere?
Bitch.
Dare you calculate the bow?
Princess
You accused Jubilee of slander.
You hit me with a stick.
Offenses against scales
Add sin to sin
The man who came to drag the princess out struck 50 grand.
Your Majesty.
No, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, the Queen is too scared to faint.
Take this poisonous woman back to the Wisdom Palace.
This Princess.
Send it yourself.
After all, General Zhenbei is her brother.
Let the gods out of your mind.
Rarely does Jubilee have such a delicate heart.
How do I not love you
Out of the way!
Master
Why did you push the emperor for the princess?
This is called
Lead the enemy into the cave.